Hi guys, in this video I want to create
a video like this uh around 20 seconds
uh using LTX2.3
image to video GU.
Uh okay, we have as input image with
prompt from CH GP to create this nice uh
football video 90 seconds as example.
Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing first,
open the confide.
Run it.
Okay, first thing I want to do is to
import the workflow right here. You can
get flow in the description. Okay, to
import the workflow, you must drag this
file right here. Hi, my workflow is
already added right here. Okay, before
we use this work, we must download this
requirements
as you can see. Okay, how to download
this requirements? We have for example
fusion model. We have a LTXV2DF
please and fusion model for example.
Let's download this one.
Click this download button and the
download is
okay for me. I leave down all those
files.
Uh after my UI folder,
go to model.
Okay, we are here in our model. Now
let's place it one by one. For the first
one, LTX2, we have to be uh place this
in the fusion model. Where is the fusion
model? This one. As you can see, hardly
downloaded and added in the fusion mod.
This still Laura go model Laura for me I
already downloaded and placed here.
Download this file and placed here. X
encoder Zimma 3 placed in clip go modus
clip zma 3 downloaded and unstarted
right here.
Dear clip connector placed in clip. As
you can see here in clip
this one. This my connector I placed
here for the audio and video AE.
We have to go here to model this and go
here to V. Uh that this is a little
different with this model. In the V here
I have to download all those four files
and place it right here in the V audio
video and all video and TA
LX to download and
let's return the model special up
to app model
here. Download the model and paste here.
The first uh the final one the tiny VE
go to mod
and go here to V approx and paste this
model like this. Okay. After downloading
those models and place it we have to
load the page. After loading is page,
this prompted
and this is when I put on my uh image.
This is length of the video
uh uh 121 frames is uh 5 seconds 6
seconds
uh video. You can adjust this value 30
minutes as you can
as you want. Okay, this is the VIE
audio.
Okay, and this prompt. Okay, let's add a
prompt right here and image. Okay,
uh let's choose image and add prompt
from chat.
Let's see.
Two boys.
Okay. Two boys play football. Let's use
any image.
This copyrighted mode here. I don't want
this.
Okay, let's check this
for example.
Uh this extension we have to change it
to JPEG color PNG. Go here file is save
as PNG.
I want to choose it in desktop file. Now
let's return right here and add my image
here. After that, let's go
uh here to ch in.
Okay, I want it up.
They give me
hug or plenty kiss
and
fe
20 seconds.
Uh, okay.
Okay. It's creating the clone tit.
Okay. This thing.
Go ahead.
Turn right in this place and go
change this uh prompt and change the
length from here.
Okay, let's see. Let's use the
calculator and see 20 seconds. How many
frames we have? Okay, 20
times
uh 24.
Okay, 480 frames. Have to change this
one
uh frames. If you have good GP 20 for
GPU or more, you can choose
720p
uh resolution for media. I have uh 12 GB
of VM. It's low VM or you have 8 GB of
VRAM. You can choose this settings is
good.
Okay, I think all is done. Let's test
out. Hit run.
What?
And
uh okay, as you can see we have finished
this Thank you.
Okay, it's around 20 seconds
video using this uh uh AI. And thank you
guys for watching this all for this
tutorial.